Randy Pausch’s entire lecture was actually a lot more heartfelt than I was originally anticipating and I am glad that I was given the opportunity to watch it. It’s interesting to see someone essentially condemned to die so at peace with their life stories and goals. I think the thing that I take away the most from this is the concept that brick walls are there to stop you, but how do you push through? Do you even want to try? Can you do it alone? I like how the overall meaning of his speech is talking about getting the help you need from others. Ask for guidance and advice from your peers and elders. See what kinds of lessons you can learn from people who may have broken through the brick walls before you. I like the message of not going through all of these things alone and the fact that you can really make a difference in your life. But behind all of this is the fundamental idea of dreams that he talks about throughout the entire speech, and I think I identify with that the most. Why do we do what we do? What pushes us to make these dreams become a reality. I really like what he said in the beginning about football: “when you do something young enough and you train for it just becomes a part of you”. Things happen to us when we’re children that we can never let go. There are situations and contexts that we get exposed to that can completely alter your life in ways that you wouldn’t even recognize at the time. I would say that most people don’t really think about this sort of thing, but it drives our everyday goals and life interests. It’s an interesting way to reflect on yourself and also others. Why is every one of us enrolled in this class? Why are we even in school? What is our goal when it comes to being here? Why are we going to school for this reason? What originally happened to us to make us think this way and attempt to break down the walls between us and that reality? It’s an interesting way to look at our lives and I actually think it’s really important for self reflection. We have to recognize where our dreams and goals lie to be able to fully understand ourselves. Once we recognize that and accept who we are and what we set out to do, you’ll be able to feel fulfillment in our lives, much like Randy Pausch has. I can see why this video was shown to us, and I appreciate the sentiment of the message.